the area was under Chinese control
Air Force chief attack
troops were stationed he hoped they would go back soon.
Terrorism is the unlawful act done by group of people by the unofficial 
unauthorized use of violence to directly create terror and fear among 
common people for achieving their targets including personal, 
social, religious, political, 
and ideological aims.
Terrorism is the unlawful act of 
violence which is used by the terrorists 
to make people fear. 
Terrorism has become a common social issue. 
It is used to threaten common public and government. 
Terrorism is used by various social organizations, 
politicians and business industries to 
achieve their goals in very easy way. 
A group of people who take support of terrorism are known as terrorists. 
Explaining terrorism is not so easy as it has spread its roots very deep. 
Terrorists have any rule and law; 
they only use violent acts intending to create and 
enhance level of terror in the society and country.
Terrorism has become a big national and 
international problem all over the world. 
It is a global issue which has affected almost all 
the nations throughout the world directly or indirectly. 
Opposing terrorism has been tried by many countries however; 
terrorists are still getting support by someone. 
Terrorism is a violent act of 
terrifying the common public anytime in the day or night. 
Terrorists have many objectives such as spreading threat of violence in the society, 
fulfilling political purposes, etc. 
They make civilians of the country their primary target.
India is a developing country who has faced many 
challenges in the past and currently, terrorism which a big national problem. 
It has faced challenges like hunger death, illiteracy, poverty, 
inequality, population explosion and terrorism which 
have affected its growth and development to a great extent. 
Terrorism is a big threat fighting with a government and 
common public for the purpose of religion, motherland, and 
other unreasonable motives of the terrorists. 
Terrorists call themselves brave soldiers however, 
they are not real soldiers. 
Real soldiers never hurt common public and they fight only 
to save their country from the enemies. 
Real soldiers fight to fulfill the purpose of a nation. Whereas 
terrorists fight to fulfill their own, individual and unfair purposes.
Terrorism is a big national issue which is using the 
human mind to get complete victory. 
Terrorism is terrifying the mind of the human being 
to make them weak so that they can rule the nation again. 
It needs to be solved on international level. 
We all should think about terrorism together to finish it from the root. 
We should make a strong policy to completely destroy its kingdom 
removing the striking terror from the human minds. 
Terrorism uses violent ways to achieve the purpose and get positive result.
Terrorist target to spread terror in their preferred areas, 
region or country within minimum time. 
Previously, it is supposed that terrorist’s activities were limited to the Kashmir only 
however, it has spread its roots to all over the country.
There are many terrorist groups exists in the nation with 
their special name depending on their name. 
Two main types of terrorism are political terrorism and 
criminal terrorism depends on their works. 
Terrorism is a frightening threat. 
So many have lost their lives because of it. 
But have you ever thought about how these terrorists get their money? 
Enemies from across the border run their operations using fake currency notes.
Terrorists are well-trained group of people prepared to perform some specific purpose. 
More than one terrorist group are trained to perform different purposes. 
It is like a disease which is spreading regularly and need 
some highly effective medicine for permanent removal.
The UK police on Saturday arrested an 18-year-old
man from Doverton in connection with the terror attack
on London Tube train, claimed later by the Islamic State
group, even as the terror threat level was elevated to the highest
Terrorism. It is a word that strikes fear into many. 
Terrorism has been around since the beginning of time, and 
has caused empires to rise, fall, and allowed people to gain power. 
Terrorism is a growing problem in this unstable world. 
A simple act of terrorism can cause tensions to break between two 
countries, as seen with Israel and Palestine's conflicts due to 
religious beliefs and territory disputes. 
Among the various potential threats are wars with neighboring 
countries, missile attacks on cites, biological and chemical terrorism, 
suicide bombings, and hostage taking. In an April 1999 survey the most 
feared terrorism was bombings on US soil. (Cole, 1) There are many ways 
to combat terrorism. First, would be an international team that is 
always on call to respond to terrorist threats, and retrieve hostages 
with minimal loss of life. The second is gun control, which would limit 
the weapons accessed by potential terrorists. 
The last thing is to recognize terrorist organizations before 
they have a chance to attack.
Terrorism has been around since the days of ancient Egypt. 
People have been killing leaders of countries to try and 
overthrow the government, and for the past one hundred and 
twenty years terrorists have had new weapons of mass destruction, 
such as bombs. Many political figures in the past were assassinated: 
King Tut in Egypt, who was poisoned and hit in the back of the head 
by a political rival, the members of the Roman Senate and Brutus, 
his best friend, killed Caesar. John Wilkes Booth, a southerner 
who was angry about the way the Civil War turned out assassinated Abraham Lincoln; 
and Lee Harvey Oswald killed John F. Kennedy.
But terrorism in revealing itself in new forms in this modern world,
such as massacres, hijackings, 
attacks on U.S troops, 
and hostage taking. 
But there is a difference between a criminal and a terrorist. 
A criminal is after money or drugs, 
while a terrorist is after the long-term disruption of 
Various groups of the terrorists are named 
according to their aims and objectives. 
Acts of terrorism affects the human mind to a 
great extent and makes people so fear that they fear to go outside 
from their own home. They think that there is terror everywhere 
outside the home in the crowd like railway station, temple, 
social event, national event and so many. Terrorists want 
to spread terror within specific area of high population in order to 
publicize for their act as well as rule on people’s mind. 
Some recent act of terrorism are 9/11 attacks on the U.S. 
and 26/11 attack in India. 
It has affected the financial status and humanity to a great extent.
a tight security arrangement is done on the order of government
With the increasing hostile attitude of the USA towards our frontier areas, 
the targets of the terrorists are likely to double up their activities 
to target high technology like nuclear reactors, refineries 
guerilla warfare. However, their common targets will include 
the political leaders and top govt. 
representatives and diplomats of the European countries.
As we all now the disclosure of nuclear 
underworld has put every one an alarming
situation with reference to terrorism. 
The nations of the nuclear club should have
to be more cautious to ward off the nuclear 
proliferation with strict safety network.
In the end we can only hope that the increasing menace 
of the terrorism be stopped by all the nations in general 
and the countries of the third world in particulars. 
But it is not as simple as it looks because unfortunately 
the rulers of some countries are not much sincere to root 
out this menace-rather some countries are behind their back
Now the main problem facing the whole world is that will terrorism 
continue unabated looking at the back history? The answer must be 
In positive, as grass roots are various forms of political violence 
in different countries for centuries. 
After effects of both the world wars of 1920 and 1940 
(first and second world wars). as well as post war decolonization 
which prolonged through 1960s are considered to be the beginning of terrorism. 
Besides, the biased American policies and 
political behavior also created displeasure, 
resentment and reaction by the aggrieved freedom 
fighters irrespective of religion and nationhood, 
the latest offshoot of which was the 9/11 tragedy.
The term terrorism is not new. 
It is in practice since the known recorded history 
of the world in one way or the other. 
The terrorists hale this nomenclature for themselves 
because they justify their actions and strategy to fight 
against oppression and injustice. The phrase “one man’s 
terrorist is an other man’s freedom fighter” is what the 
terrorists boast to accept. They normally act upon their motto of 
violence, fear and intimidation towards govt. or civil societies in 
pursuit of their goals that are political, religious or ideological.
as new terrorists are getting trained on daily basis. 
They are very common people like us but they are trained 
to complete some unfair act and forced to fight against 
their one society, family and country. 
They are so trained that they never compromise their life, 
they are always ready to finish their life while fighting. 
As an Indian citizen, we all are highly responsible to stop 
the terrorism and it can be stopped only when we never come 
into the greedy talk of some bad and frustrated people.
extremism has been overpowering and creating many 
devastating problems in those countries that are 
facing this evil challenge. It is greatly affecting the 
economy of the countries and disturbing the lives of the 
citizens. Especially youth are the most susceptible to the 
extremism because they are the future of the world and they 
have to face the aftermath of this situation in terms of financial 
crisis and peace.
Acts of terrorism followed by 
violent crackdowns can become a cycle that is difficult to disrupt
often provokes prompt and violent response from the state.
bombing of an Air India flight from Canada to India, killing all 329 people on board.
Mumbai bomb blasts, which killed about 250 civilians.
Attack on Indian Parliament on 13 December 2001, in which 9 policemen and parliament staff were killed, besides all five terrorists who were identified as Pakistani nationals.
Delhi bombings on 29 October 2005, which killed more than 60 people and injured at least 200 others.
Varanasi bombings in which 15 people were reported to have been killed and as many as 101 others were injured.
Mumbai attack, when two of the prime hotels, a landmark train station, and a Jewish Chabad house, in South Mumbai, were attacked and sieged.
Hyderabad bombings, where two bombs exploded almost simultaneously on 25 August 2007.
Mecca Masjid bombing in Hyderabad which left 15 people dead in the immediate aftermath.
Bangalore serial blasts in which two people were killed and 20 injured.
Varanasi bombing on 7 December 2010 that killed a toddler, and set off a stampede in which 20 people, including four foreigners, were injured.
High Court bombing on Wednesday, 7 September 2011 at outside Gate No. 5 of the Delhi High Court, killing 12 people and injuring 76.
Naxal attack in Darbha valley, Chhattisgarh, which killed 28 people.
Gurdaspur attack in Dina Nagar, Gurdaspur, Punjab, killing 10 people.
attack at Pathankot Air Force Station, killing 7 people.
Pampore attack, claiming 8 lives.
Uri attack that left 20 dead.
Baramulla attack and 2016 Handwara attack at Rashtriya Riffles Camp.
extortions and ransom for releasing hostages, and 
combine drug trafficking with 
terrorism tactics to 
races, struggles between the 
struggles between rich and poor or 
battles between political outcasts and .