Mani : Where is your mother going? 
Kannan : My mother is going to the temple. 
Mani : Who are going before her? 
Kannan : They are my brother and sister. 
Mani : What is she holding on her hand? 
Kannan : It is a flower basket. 
Mani : To which temple are they going for worship? 
Kannan : It is Kaliamman Temple. 
Mani : Shall we follow them? 
Kannan : Yes. I am very glad 
Ramesh : What is that building? 
Latha : It is a Church. 
Ramesh : I thought it to be a mosque. 
How do you know that it is a Church? 
Latha : Can't you see the cross on the top of the tower? 
Ramesh : Yes. I understand. When will the prayer begin? 
Latha : It will begin at 10 A.M. 
Shall we enter the church? 
Will they permit us? 
They will permit us if we like to go in. 
Will there be service on all days? 
It will be on Sundays and on the days of Christian festivals. 
This is one of the best explanations of why 
God allows pain and suffering that I have seen. 
It's an explanation other people will understand.  
They talked about so many things and various subjects. 
When they eventually touched on the subject of God,
"I don't believe that God exists." 
"Why do you say that?" asked the customer. 
realize that God doesn't exist. 
God exists, would there be so many sick people? 
Would there be abandoned children? 
If God existed, there would be neither suffering nor pain. 
I can't imagine a loving God who would allow
"Did God create everything that exists?" A student bravely
"God created everything?" The professor asked. 
"Yes sir", the student replied.
The professor answered, "If God created everything, 
then God created evil since evil exists, and according to 
who we are then God is evil". 
The student became quiet before such an answer. 
The professor was quite pleased with him self and boasted to 
 that the Christian faith was a myth. 
God only puts us through as much as we can handle,
So the people who struggle the most, 
have been chosen by God to be the strongest ones.
What is the power of Lord’s name ? The process of c
hanting the holy name of the Lord
Lord is so powerful that by this chanting even 
householders can very easily gain 
the ultimate result achieved by persons
We Should know in perfect consciousness that human life is 
bestowed upon the conditioned soul to achieve 
spiritual success and the easiest possible procedure to 
attain this end is to chant the holy name of the Lord.
In this age no process of realizing the Supreme is possible 
except the chanting of the holy names of Lord Krishna: 
Hare Krishna, Hare Krishna, Krishna Krishna, Hare Hare/ 
Hare Rama, Hare Rama, Rama Rama, Hare Hare.
Caitanya Mahaprabhu has recommended that everyone chant 
the Hare Krishna mantra just to cleanse the dust from the heart. 
If the dust of the heart is cleansed away, then one can 
actually understand the importance of the holy name.
The individual soul is forever a servant of the 
Supersoul and therefore, his reletionship with the 
Supersoul is to offer service. 
That is called Bhakti-Yoga or Bhakti-bhaava.
One who acts to serve Krishna with his body, mind, 
intelligence and words is a liberated soul, 
even within this material world.
The ultimate goal of Bhakti is to get Krishna and 
we get it by taking shelter of the holy name.
Be pleased, Mother, to give me some token, 
such as the Lord of the Raghus gave
me. She thereupon unfastened the jewel on Her 
head and gave it to the son of the windgod,
who gladly received it. Convey my obeisance 
to Him, dear son, with these words:
ëMy lord is all sufficient; yet recalling Your 
vow of kindness to the afflicted, relieve, O
master, my grievous distress.
Repeat to him, my son, the episode of Indraís son
the Lord of the might of His arrows. 
If the Lord does not arrive here
within a month, he will not find me alive. 
Tell me, Hanuman, how can I preserve my life;
for you too, my son, now speak of going. 
Your sight had brought relief to my heavy heart:
I have before me now the same 
dreary days and weary nights.
Jambavan Lord of the Raghus: he on whom You bestow Your
blessings is ever lucky and incessantly happy; 
gods, human beings and sages are
all kind to him. He alone is victorious, 
modest and an ocean of virtues; his fair renown
shines brightly through all the three spheres of creation.
well by the grace of my Lord; 
it is only today that our birth has been consummated.
The achievement of Hanumån (the son of the wind-god)
î Jåmbavån then related to the Lord of the Raghus the charming
exploits of Hanumån (the son of the wind-god). 
The All-merciful felt much delighted
at heart to hear them and in His joy 
He clasped Hanumån once more to His bosom.
ìTell me, dear Hanumån, how does Janakaís 
daughter pass her days and sustain her life?
Ever since Hanuman ji left after burning down 
Lanka the demons there had lived in constant terror.
In their own houses they thought, 
There is no hope for the demon race now.
If his messenger was mighty beyond words, 
what good would result when the master himself enters the city?
When Mandodari heard from her female spies what 
the citizens were saying, she felt much perturbed.
Meeting her lord
in seclusion she fell at his feet and with joined palms 
My lord, avoid all strife with sri Hari. 
Take my words to your heart as a most
salutary advice. My lord, if you seek your 
own welfare, call one of your ministers and send 
back with him the consort of that prince (›r∂ Råma), 
the very thought of whose
messengerís doings makes the wives of the demons miscarry. 
Just as a frosty night spells 
lotuses, so Sita has come here as a bane 
my lord: unless you return Sita, not even ambhu (Lord siva) 
and Brahma (the creator) can be of any good to you.
When a minister, a physician and a religious 
preceptoró these three use pleasing
words from fear or hope of reward, 
the result is that dominion, health and faith all the
three forthwith go to the dogs.
No sooner had Vibhisana left with 
these words than the doom of them all was
sealed. Disrespect to a saint, Parvat, 
immediately robs one of all blessings. The moment
Råvaƒa abandoned Vibhisana the wretch lost all his glory
Vibhisana, however, gladly proceeded to 
the Lord of the Raghus. on reaching there I
will behold those lotus-feet with ruddy soles, 
so soft and so delightful to the devotees.
ramayan mahabharat
ramayana mahabharata
Nay, I will behold those feet whose very touch 
redeemed the rishi's wife (Ahalya), that
hallowed the Dandaka forest, that Janaka's Daughter 
has locked up in Her bosom, that
chased the delusive deer and that dwell as a pair 
of lotuses in the lake of shiva's heart.
I am really blessed that I am going to see those very feet.
Said Angada, I will leap across; 
but I have some diffidence in my heart about my
getting back.Jambavan, however, interposed, 
Even though you are competent in every
way, how can we send you, the leader of us all?
î The king of bears then turned towards
Hanuman: Listen, O mighty Hanuman: 
how is it that you are keeping mum? A son of the
wind-god, you are as strong as your father 
and spiritual wisdom. What undertaking in this 
world is too difficult for you to accomplish,
dear child? It is for the service of shri Rama 
Ram that you have come down upon earth.The
moment Hanuman heard these words he grew to 
the size of a mountain, with a body
shining as gold and full of splendour as though 
he was another king of mountains (Sumeru).
For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, 
that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
For I know the plans I have for you,” declares the LORD, 
“plans to prosper you and not to hope and a future.
And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose.
I can do everything through him who gives me strength.
In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.
in all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make your paths straight.
Do not conform any longer to the pattern of this world, 
but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. 
Then you will be able to test and approve what God’s 
Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything, by prayer 
Therefore go and make disciples of all, baptizing them 
in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit.
For it is by grace you have been saved, through f
aith—and this not from yourselves, it is the gift of God—
But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, 
patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness,
Therefore, I urge you, brothers, in view of God’s mercy, 
to offer your bodies as living sacrifices, holy and 
pleasing to God—this is your spiritual act of worship.
The thief comes only to steal and kill and destroy; 
I have come that they may have life, and have it to the full.
One night the Lord spoke to Paul 
in a vision: “Do not be afraid; 
keep on speaking, do not be silent.
teaching them the word of God.
I have been crucified with Christ 
and I no longer live, but Christ lives in me. 
The life I live in the body, I live by faith in the Son of 
God, who loved me and gave himself for me.
If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and 
will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness.
for all have sinned and fall short of the glory of God,
Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. 
No one comes to the Father except through me.
and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you. 
And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age.”
But God demonstrates his own love for us in this: 
While we were still sinners, Christ died for us.
Finally, brothers, whatever is true, whatever is noble, 
whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, 
whatever is admirable—if anything is excellent or praise worthy—think about such things.
And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, 
will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.
Have I not commanded you? Be strong and courageous. 
Do not be terrified; do not be discouraged, for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go.”
but those who hope in the LORD will renew their strength. 
on wings like eagles;and not grow weary,faint.
not by works, so that no one can boast.
For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.
gentleness and self-control. Against such things there is no law.
But he was pierced for our transgressions, he was crushed for our iniquities; 
the punishment that brought us peace was upon him, and by his wounds we are healed.
ut in your hearts set apart Christ as Lord.
who asks you to give the reason for the hope
All Scripture is God-breathed and is useful for 
teaching, rebuking, correcting and training in righteousness,
But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, 
Let us fix our eyes on Jesus, 
the author and perfecter of our faith, 
who for the joy set before him endured the cross, 
down at the right hand of the throne of God.