“I understand that we can’t do that, 
but can we discuss some other alternatives?”
“I hear what you’re saying, 
but our bottom line is very clear on this one.”
“This is the deal breaker for us, 
we can’t budge.” (Budge means move, change or give up.)
Peter told his boss that he wouldn’t quit.
He’s in it for the long haul.
to get back up to speed on 
the recent developments in her company.
I always wanted to work for that company
took me two years to get a foot in the door.
The new product became the company’s cash cow.
George is an eager beaver
certain to succeed in business.
The company made big profits
workers want a slice of the pie.
When Tom left the company 
he was given a golden handshake.
company had to grease someone’s palms to get that contract.
While the boss is out of the office
I’ll have to hold the fort.
Business is bad. 
able to keep our heads above water.
You have to go through endless red tape
to start up a business.
That salesman is such a smooth talker
the could sell ice to Eskimos.
sleeping partner to invest money
invest money in his business.
The project was a dead duck from the start
due to a lack of funding.
generated earnings of $2.2 billion in 2010, compared to $1.6 billion in 2009
return on capital employed of 21%, up from 17% in 
Earnings per share were $2.59 in 2010
let’s take a look at our return on average capital 
employed and see how it compares to the competition.
don't need to worry about Cutlas. It's the shareholders' issue.
with the banks, we're going to take a step back and use 
our own capital to buy out the 8% share remaining
the purchased shares have been credited to the demat account
a trading account with a share broker 
and a demat account with a DP.
Depositing TIFD timely is critical since
if adequate number of shares
common pool account and utilized for the purpose 
of margin requirement of other clients.
It’s like the bank not crediting the cheque proceeds 
to your account but keeping the same in their own account. 
Not having your shares in your demat account
You are unnecessarily exposed to several risks. 
Your shares could be utilized by the broker for
purchased shares are promptly transferred by your broker 
from the common pool account to your demat account.
National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and 
Central Depository Services Limited (CDSL)
Depositories receive shares through 
Depository Participants (DP) and not 
directly from investors.
send the physical account holding statemen
Investors can avail of online access to their demat account
would crave for: his under `5,000 smartphone was working well, a slew of
apps like WhatsApp and Facebook was keeping him engrossed, and an internet
speed of 8 megabits per second (Mbps) was nothing to complain about.
there were better things on the village horizon. Naved bought
a costlier Redmi 4G VoLTE smartphone, took a Jio connection because
he wanted 14 Mbps internet speed, subscribed to video-ondemand
Voot to watch movies, and downloaded the Amazon
app for deals and offers. “I wanted a phone with a fingerprint
sensor,” says Naved, explaining his move to dump
his old phone. “This phone is also good for selfies,” he adds,
flaunting his dual-camera phone that he bought from Amazon
through a Vakrangee outlet in his village. “If anything
goes wrong with my phone, I won’t let him (the shopkeeper)
run the store,” laughs Naved, who travels 15 km every day to
attend in Bijnor. Saifar, who runs the Vakrangee
store, is not bothered. 
“I will return it on Amazon
is just one manifestation of
change in the way rural India shops. 
not gravitating towards online,
harbouring a healthy lack of faith in etailers.
they are perhaps more comfortable
with storekeepers like Saifar, who handholds villagers by assisting them to buy
the products delivered at the store from where
Tata Motors today serves only around 59% of the market,
and Pareek wants to take it up to 95%, filling product
gaps, like a premium hatchback or a van
no one buys cars at 9 in the morning September day
in Mumbai. And, yet, all employees at the Tata Motors dealership
were in attendance early Wednesday this week, 
the expansive showroom suitably decked up with balloons. 
head of Tata Motors’ passenger vehicles division was visiting
meeting everyone, taking photos with the group, and high-fiving
at the showroom. The launch was still a 
week away, but bookings had just opened.
Pareek told the staff how the response 
firms covering Tata Motors focus only on JLR, which accounts
To break the grip of corruption and black money, 
we have decided that the 500 rupee and 1,000 rupee currency notes 
presently in use will no longer be legal tender 
from midnight tonight, that is 8th November 2016. This means that 
these notes will not be acceptable for transactions from midnight onwards.
The 500 and 1,000 rupee notes hoarded by anti-national and 
The rights and the interests of honest, hard-working people will be fully protected. 
Let me assure you that notes of 100, 50, 20, 10, five, two  and 
one rupee and all coins will remain legal tender and will not be affected.
The evil of corruption has been spread by certain 
sections of society for their selfish interest. 
They have ignored the poor and cornered benefits. 
Some people have misused their office for personal gain. 
Bhavin Shah is the co-founder and CEO of Refresh, 
a mobile app that gives people the insights 
they need to make the most out of every meeting and conversation
"How's work going?"
"I'm completely swamped. 
I haven't made it to the gym in weeks."
"Me, too. I feel like I'm living in the office."
Almost everyone's had some version of this conversation. 
It's often followed by a promise to catch up over drinks or lunch, 
which neither party follows up on.
Not only are these exchanges completely useless, they hurt 
As Meredith Fineman points out in a blog post at the Harvard Business Review, 
talking about how busy you are is really nothing but a humble brag.
The conceit is that if you're constantly drowning in work, 
you must be doing something so important that everyone needs you - 
to the point that you can barely get away from the office.
No one wants to admit that they're actually pretty on top 
of things and feel lazy or unimportant, so conversations devolve 
into one-upsmanships of how terribly busy you are.
"I was here until 9:30 last night."
"I know how you feel; I worked all weekend!"
And when time in the office is emphasized as somehow being an end in itself, 
the focus becomes hours spent working instead of working intelligently.
"Just because you clocked 15 hours at your office, with 
likely dry eyeballs and a complete lack of focus, doesn't 
mean you've accomplished things in a smart way," Fineman writes.
You'd be better served figuring out how to make better 
use of your time and having real conversations with your
peers instead of trying to prove how important you are.
Small businesses are the cornerstone of growing enterprises and 
thanks to e-commerce they are on the rise. 
A few questions to ask the class could be:
Are small businesses common in your country?
What challenges do small businesses have in your country?
What are some successful small businesses in your town/city?
How can a small business become successful?
If you had a small business, what kind would it be?
Any decent company gives their employees a sort of 
appraisal every so often, 
so it’s a good topic to discuss since appraisals are made to 
improve the quality of the employee’s work.
Do you have performance reviews in your company? How often?
How do you feel about them?
What do your performance reviews cover?
How important do you think appraisals are?
What happens if you have a good/bad appraisal?
How do you feel about feedback about yourself?
What work experience do you have?
How did you like your previous work?
What can you gain from work experience?
What have you learned from your work experience?
What have you learned about yourself?
Everybody talks about his or her work experience and 
it helps them with who they are in their career today.
Most should be familiar with risk and hopefully more familiar 
with how to manage 
it so it’s a fine topic to incite some quality discussion.
What risks does your company come across?
How does your company handle these risks?
What situation could be a big risk to your company?
What is your plan in case you come across a risk?
Does your company have a contingency plan?
Everybody has something to say about colleagues and 
talking about them can help get talking about
more personal things, which can really help them exit their comfort zones.
What do you think about your colleagues?
What are some common problems with colleagues?
Have you ever had any challenging situations/altercations with your colleagues?
Do you spend time with your colleagues outside of work? Why/why not?
Who is your favorite colleague? Why?
How often do you get a raise at your job?
What does it take to get a raise at your job?
What advice do you have for someone who wants a raise?
Do you think raises are important? Why/why not?
Do you deserve a raise? Why/why not?
But alas, there can’t be sales—or business customer
for that matter!—without customers. 
Since everyone has been a customer on more than a few occasions in their lives, 
Who are the customers for your company/industry?
As a customer in general, what do you usually expect?
How do you gain more customers?
How do you lose customers?
“The customer is always right.” Do you agree/disagree?
announced a slew of relief measures for 
exporters and traders 
after the 22nd meeting of the 
GST council. 
Here are the highlights briefing on the meet
Refund cheques for July exports will be 
processed by Oct 10 and refund cheques 
for August exports will be processed.
Those who have up to Rs 1.5 crore turnover 
will file quarterly returns, not monthly returns.
Compliance burden of medium and small taxpayers 
in GST being cut; eligibility of 
composition scheme raised to Rs 1 crore.
E-wallet for each exporter to be made 
and notional amount as advance refund 
will be given. It will be initiated