I’m so mad right now 
I can’t talk to you.
I get so irritated by Jill 
I can’t be around her.
Thomas is indignant that he was not given the raise he was expecting.
My mother was furious when we broke the window while playing ball in the house.
I’m so incensed I can’t think straight!
You should be outraged that the person who hit your car just drove away.
Sammy was livid when he found out his computer was stolen.
That really gets to me.
That ticks me off. 
That pisses me off.
It gets to me when…
It really ticks me off when you do…
It pisses me off when…
Oh great, there were a lot of friends, 
we were playing games and dancing, 
we really had a whale of a time.
I was very afraid of the ,
when I managed to pass it, 
I was on cloud nine, 
I invited all my friends to a drink in the local pub.
I suggest picking some flowers for your girlfriend. 
she won’t refuse your proposal.
promoted to the position desired for ages, 
he feels glorious, he’s sitting on top of the world.
When her parents left for holiday, she was happy as a clam staying alone in the house.
I’m buzzing for the holidays. 
Imagine, we’re going on a diving trip in Greece.
Do you remember how happy we were when 
we first stayed out for a night? We were over the moon.
Real happiness is when you work for it. 
I’m sure you’ll be in seventh heaven when you get your scooter.
Barbara is full of the joys of spring at the moment!
Has she got a new boyfriend?
My dad's as happy as Larry at the week-end when we all arrive home.
The player jumped for joy when he scored the winning goal.
When we saw Paul grinning from ear to ear
we knew he had passed the exam.
Grand Mother : Son, What are you talking to Gomathi?
Father : I am showing her the moon.
Daughter : When did it rise?
Father : It had risen one hour before. 
It is a full moon day.
Daughter : Can we see the moon during Amavasai?
Father : during Amavasai the sky will be completely dark.
Child : What is the white ball through the window?
Mother : No, It is not a ball. 
It is the full moon.
Child : It is very beautiful. 
Grandpa is calling us for supper
Wife :So you are late again. ++
Why did you come lately today. 
You told me to get ready at 8
it is 11 now where were you for last three hours .
Husband : Sorry I suddenly had to go for the meeting . 
I had to attend that . 
To miss that meeting means to bear the loss of 10 lakhs 
Wife : Do not make excuses 
I am aware of you and your habits. 
Tell me if you had to go for a meeting
did not you inform me for that.
Husband : I called you up but your mobile.
Wife : Oh What an excuse ! 
I am here only from the morning
you are saying that my cell was out of coverage . 
Could you please show me your mobile.
Husband :Why do you want to see my mobile ?
Wife :I want to check either you called me or not .
Husband : Do not you have trust in me .
You have trust in mobile but not in your own husband .
It’s amazing how we can be married years and still find there is much 
about each other. Some experts say it’s
because we’ve lost the art of conversation. 
Others say it’s because we don’t allow it to continue after we marry.
We allow everyday living to separate and distance us instead.
WIFE: "What would you do if I died? 
Would you get married again?"
HUSBAND: "Definitely not!"
WIFE: "Why not? Don't you like being married?"
HUSBAND: "Of course I do."
WIFE: "Then why wouldn't you remarry?"
HUSBAND: "Okay, okay, I'd get married again. "
WIFE: "You would?" (with a hurt look)
HUSBAND: (makes audible groan)
WIFE: "Would you live in our house?"
HUSBAND: "Sure, it's a great house."
WIFE: "Would you sleep with her in our bed?"
HUSBAND: "Where else would we sleep?"
WIFE: "Would you let her drive my car?"
HUSBAND: "Probably, it is almost new."
WIFE: "Would you replace my pictures with hers?"
HUSBAND: "That would seem like the
proper thing to do."
WIFE: "Would you give her my jewelry?"
HUSBAND: "No, I'm sure she'd want her own."
WIFE: "Would she use my golf clubs?"
HUSBAND: "No, she's left-handed. "
WIFE: silence 
HUSBAND: "sheet.."
Wife: Which color should I wear?
Me: Pick anything you like.
Wife: Ok, Blue or Yellow?
Me: Blue
Wife: why not yellow?
Me: Ok, yellow
Wife: why did you say blue then?
Me: Sorry, my bad. Yellow is better.
Wife: Keep an eye on the milk and the stove.
Husband busy with Quora and struck up with a debited answer
He cleans every inch before the wife notices like 
a murderer cleaning to destroy the evidence.
checks every inch and conduct a forensic investigation)
Hus: I had coffee dear..
Wife: Don't fool me.
Hus: I cleaned know dear.. I corrected my mistake..
Wife: But how will you get back the wasted milk?
Hus: Why do you bother? it is my money any how
Student – I was absent that time .
Teacher – Why were you absent
Student – Sir there was something important .
Teacher – These days nothing is more important than studies
I will be regular now .
Please explain this chapter to me again .
The whole class will have to suffer because of you .
Please sir . I need your help .
Teacher :Tomorrow there will be a lecture on Sun.
Everyone must attend it.
Raju:No ma'm! I will not be able to attend it. 
Teacher :What happened in 1869? 
Student:Gandhi ji was born. 
Teacher :What happened in 1873? 
Teacher:"What is your name?".  
Student: May I come in, sir?
Why do you always come late?
S: Sir It is the bus which makes me late.
T: What time do you leave home?
S: I always leave home at quarter to eight.
T: How far is your home from here?
S: It is about three kilometers from here.
T: That is why, you get late. You leave your home very late.
S: Sir, I take my break fast at 7:30 a.m.
T: What time do you get up?
S: I get up at about 7:00 a.m.
T: Don't you offer your prayer?
S: Not regularly.
T: My dear. 
It is a bad habit.
Always get up early in the morning.
S: Sir, there is no park near our home.
Take breakfast at right time and then leave for school.
I shall never be late.
One thing more keep in mind.
Regularity and punctuality conquer the mountains.
The suicide note cut off any reason for investigation.
There are only four possibilities—accident, suicide, murder or skip
"If Edith never knew Annie committed suicide, 
how did she just happen to hang herself the very same way?"
You didn't plan ahead when you jeopardized my suicide mission
Yes. He tried to commit suicide after he killed her; 
he left a note but he didn't cut his wrists deeply enough to be fatal
didn't think so, but the fact that he had the old suicide note 
makes me think he at least considered it, if the opportunity presented itself 
He could feel her tense against him as 
he explained in detail the late night suicide and 
the termination of the police investigation.
satisfied so frequently as to be commonplace, was a shocking 
form of suicide performed with a placid mien
"I'm thinking about killing myself,"
"Things will be better when I'm gone,"
"The pain will never stop unless I do something,"
"I want to go to sleep and never wake up."
I am sorry to announce to you that your friend 
John has kicked the bucket.
I don’t want you to cry for me 
when I depart this life.
Sorry Mrs. Freeman, 
husband has breathed his last.
If you keep hanging out with those gangsters 
I can assure you that you’ll end up paying the supreme sacrifice in no time
"Aaaah! It's eating my leg!"
"Ahem! Swearing is against office policy."
"Ahh, yes, I understand now"
"Ahh... This hot tub is amazing"
"Aww, what an adorable puppy"
"Argh, the car won't work!"
"Aha! So you took the money!"
"Bah, I never liked him anyways."
"Boo, get off the stage!"
Your internet is slow? Boo-hoo, how sad for you.
"Brrr, it's -20C outside"
I just deleted all my files. D'oh!"
Ewww, this apple is rotten"
"Hmm, I'm not sure about that"
Grrr, I'll kick his ass"
Gee, that's super!"
Gah, I give up"
"Ick, this milk has gone bad"
"Hurrah, we won!"
Do you think so too?" "Mhm"
Want another beer?" "Nah, I'm good"
"I hit you!" "Nuh-uh!" "Yuh-uh!" "Nuh-uh!"
"Pew, that smells so gross!"
The bills are biling up. Oy..."
Uh-oh, I think the bear is inside the house"
"Do you think so too?" "Uh-hu"
"Yuck, I wouldn't want to touch that"
You're so stupid, you'd trip over a wireless phone!" "Zing!"








