Simple Conversation about cricket match :
Drill Master : Boys, have good practice today.
Drill Master : who are our opponents?
team is our opponent.
Have you taken all the bats and three balls.
Yes sir, we have four bats and three balls.
Do you know the ground where the match is played?
It is to be played in Railway ground.
Go buy bus and have net practice.
Will you present during our net practice? 
Basketball is a team sport which has 
immense popularity and played with the help of 
a ball that is shot into a basket
The objective to shoot the ball is 
scores which are gained 
rules of the game.
The game is played by 2 teams constituting 5 players each 
who play on a marked rectangular floor with baskets on both ends.
The game of basketball was invented by James Naismith in 1891. 
Under the guidance of physical education specialist, 
Luther Halsey Gulick, he invented basketball as an indoor sport.
Wrestling is a combat sport involving grappling type 
techniques such as clinch fighting, throws and takedowns, 
joint locks, pins and other grappling holds. 
The sport can either be theatrical for entertainment, or genuinely competitive.
A wrestling bout is a physical competition, between two (occasionally more) 
competitors or sparring partners, who attempt to gain and maintain a superior position.
There are a wide range of styles with varying rules with both traditional 
historic and modern styles. Wrestling techniques have been 
incorporated into other martial arts as well as military hand-to-hand combat systems.
Tennis is a sport played with a felt-covered rubber ball, a racket, and a court.
players in France played this sport with their hands. 
It was called “Jeu de Paume”.
When the other player cannot return the ball, a point is won
Table tennis, also known as ping pong, 
is a sport in which two or four players hit a lightweight ball back 
and forth across a table using a small bat. 
The game takes place on a hard table divided by a net.
A point is scored when a player fails to 
return the ball within the rules.
We know that so many games in India. 
But Football is most important and famous game of the world.
The term of ‘Football’ has a romance of its own. 
It is, indeed, a word of millions to conjure with.
Football is such excitement and evoking game. 
It is an originally played at a village called Rugby in Italy.
There are two opinions about the football game. 
The first opinion from some experts, 
who are the discipline creative in football.
the game is the origin in China. 
But this could not be substantially ratified.
A football game has played between two opposite team player. 
Each team consists of eleven players.
In the old method one goalie, two full-backs, three half-backs and 
five forwards made the line-up.
The centre-half had the pivotal role. 
This system is now treated to be obsolete.
The duration of the game in the international contests is a 
period of 90 minutes divided into two halves of 45 minutes each.
Between each half, there is a break for not more than 15 minutes. 
One referee assisted by two linesmen conducts the game.
Each team have five reserve players. 
Playground is divided into two equal areas.
One member of a team is sent to the opposition team chanting the word 
'kabaddi, kabaddi, kabaddi' continually while holding his breath. 
He has to try touching players from the opposing team and return to his area.
Kabaddi’ can easily be played in a small field. 
It does not require a large play ground.
The field is divided into two parts by drawing a line in the middle. 
There are two teams, each of eight players. 
One team plays on each side of the line. 
A player from one of the teams goes to other side 
and tries to touch a player of the opposite side.
If he is captured, he is declared, “DEAD”. 
if he succeeds and returns to his side of the line, 
the player who has been touched is supposed to be “DEAD”. 
The dead player sits apart and does not participate in the game
In this way, the game continues till one of the parties is defeated.
I like ‘Kabaddi’ for a number of reasons. It does not require a large play-ground.
It can be played even in the court-yard of a house.  
The players have to be alert constantly. The game is good for. 
The players have constantly to run and jump. 
They are active throughout. 
The game does not required much time
It recreates and gives good exercise only within a few minutes.
Sports play a great in everyone’s busy life especially for students.
Everyone should involve themselves in the sports activity even for a small 
time all through the day. 
Sports are necessary because it brings physical and 
mental fitness to the person involved in this on regular basis. 
People who have busy schedule in their life get tired very easily.
living a relaxed and comfort life we need a sound mind and a sound body. 
is very necessary to get name, fame and money. In the same way, getting a 
sound mind and body, everyone must involve in some type of 
physical activities for which sports is the best way.
Sports are nice physical activities that provide
from the stress and worries. It has nice scope and 
for the sports persons. 
It has ability to give sportspersons their required name, fame and
sports can be played for personal benefits as well as professional benefits. 
In both ways, it benefits our body, mind and soul. Some people play it 
daily for their body and mind fitness, enjoyment, etc 
however some play it to get valuable status in their life.
No one can ignore its values in the personal and professional life. 
First Olympic Games were held in 1896 in 
Athens which is now held continuously after
every four years in different countries. 
It involves both, outdoor and indoor games
in which sportsperson of many countries takes part.
Some of the outdoor sports and games are like 
football, hockey, volleyball, 
baseball, cricket, tennis, kho-kho, 
kabaddi, etc which require a playground 
to be played. Indoor games are like
carom, cards, chess, table tennis, 
puzzle, indoor basketball, etc 
can be played at home without any playground.
Some sports and games like badminton and table 
tennis can be enjoyed both as indoor and outdoor.
Sports are generally liked by everyone especially kids however 
it may harm them in many ways. 
Kids can be easily injured and deviated from their study. 
However, kids love to go outside and 
play sports or games with their friends.
If we have a look on the history, we see that 
sports are given much importance from the ancient time.
In the modern time, growing popularity of other 
entertainment things like video games, television, 
etc are decreasing the demand of sports and games in the life.
it is also true that sports and games are treated by 
the many countries as cultural activities, so we can say that 
the trend of games and sports can never finish in the future.
Sports and games are physical activities involves in skill 
development of competitive nature. Generally two or more groups 
compete against each other for the entertainment or win the prize. 
Sports activities for both, men and women are needed to be 
promoted as it enhances the physical, mental, 
financial health of the person.
It plays various great roles in strengthening the nation by 
building the character and health of its citizens. 
Sports bring speed and activeness to human’s way of acting.
Despite steamrolling Sri Lanka over three cricket formats
9-0 in their last tour, India will know all too well that Australia
would be a different proposition altogether when the two sides
renew acquaintances in the first of the five-match One-Day International
(ODI) series at the M.A. Chidambaram Stadium here on
Sunday. India were all over the hapless Sri Lankans in the latter’s
own den without having to break sweat. Virat Kohli and Co won all
the three Test matches, five ODIs and one T20 international to return
unblemished. But in Australia, 
the hosts will face stiffer competition simply because
of the quality of players the visitors posses. Even without their
pace spearheads Mitchell Starc and Josh Hazlewood, ruled out
due to injuries, the Steve Smithled side has the likes of Nathan
Coulter-Nile, Pat Cummins, Adam Zampa and Ashton Agar to
trouble the Indian batsmen. 
It won’t be smooth sailing for
the visitors, though, by any stretch of imagination. At home,
India have been rampant over the last year of so winning against
New Zealand and England 3-2 and 2-1 respectively in the 50-over format.
Indian batter
Antonio Conte has challenged Chelsea to avenge
last season’s FA Cup final heartache when they face title
rivals Arsenal on Sunday. 
Conte’s team were denied a
memorable Premier League and FA Cup double after the
champions crashed to a 2-1 defeat against Arsenal at
Wembley in May. 
With Alexis Sanchez scoring
a controversial opener for 
Arsenal and Chelsea’s Victor
Moses sent off for diving, 
it was a bitter conclusion to an
otherwise perfect first season in charge for Conte.
The Gunners also handed Conte the most chastening
defeat of his reign earlier that season with a 3-0 victory in the
league, as well as defeating Chelsea in the Community
Shield at the start of this term. 
Any meeting with London
rivals Arsenal is a big moment in Chelsea’s season, but
those painful losses mean the latest derby at Stamford
Bridge carries extra significance for Conte and company.
“I remember very well that game. We were unlucky, if you
remember the first goal it was very strange,” Conte said of
the Cup final. “I was sure this goal would be disallowed, instead
we started 1-0 down
France international Djibril Cisse 
insisted he’s done nothing wrong
over the Mathieu Valbuena sex tape 
scandal in an interview
published on Saturday. 
The former Liverpool and 
Marseille striker told
l’Equipe he was “one million percent” confident he will be
exonerated of any wrong doing. 
own up to it,”
Sports teams, even at some high schools that have the necessary
tended to ramp up their preventive efforts with avant-garde measures.
thinking of hard-core competitive gamers
We can say sports as forms of 
competitive physical activity 
played by the people through 
casual or organized participation. 
It helps everyone to improve and maintain 
physical ability and skills. 
It is a way of entertainment to the 
participants. Sports are generally played 
as a contest between two competitive 
sides with attempt to exceed other.