Doctors focus on transparency & ethics at work
Doctors treated
symptoms
sneezing, coughing, headache, stomachache, ache
headache, stomach-ache, ache
pain in knees
brain hemorrhage, brain tumor
At National Health Summit, they agree that trust in
doctors has come down, and needs to be restored 
Healthcare professionals should be given a lesson or
two in ethics to save the medical
fraternity, failing which external
regulation is a distinct possibility
times is not possible.” Talking about an incident
and lack of professional healthcare delivery,
where an infant suffered first degree
burns because the nurse bathing the baby didn’t
check the temperature of
the water. In such cases even doctors are held guilty
as it is their responsibility to recruit proper staff.
Times are changing and hence health professionals
should be more careful and share more
responsibility towards patients.”
The doctors and healthcare professionals
growing corporate healthcare
setup and burgeoning private hospitals in
the state, there is a rising distrust against doctors to curb
Karnataka Medical Council receives 
most number of medical negligence
cases against gynaecologists followed by 
anesthetists, orthopaedics, general
surgeons and physicians, 
said a member while discussing about ‘Ethics and
Governance in Healthcare’ 
at the National Health Summit held here on Saturday.
Dr K Ramadev, member of the Karnataka Medical Council
of are more prone over a period
of time, a perception has been built about them.
Also to investigate a matter, time is
required but these days unwanted pressure 
is created to deliver speedy decisions, which
Hello! What can I do for you? 
Good Morning Doctor. I am not well. 
Come and sit here. 
Open your mouth. 
How long are you not well? 
Since yesterday. 
No problem-did you have Motion yesterday? 
No Doctor-not so freely. 
Did you take any medicine? 
Yes Doctor, I took Anacin. 
who told you to take it? 
Nobody Doctor I took it myself. 
why did you take it? 
Because I felt headache. 
What seems to be the problem?
Well, since yesterday I have a really bad cough 
and a sore throat and I also got a headache.
Doctor Jones: 
How long have you been having all these symptoms?
I have symptoms about three days now, 
but since yesterday symptoms have become a lot worse 
and I am really tired,
too as I can’t sleep due to coughing most if the night.
Doctor Jones: Well, It sounds to me that you have got flu. 
You must take 2 aspirin with water every four hours 
and must have plenty of rest.
Also you must drink lots of fluids. 
If you are still sick next week book another 
appointment to see me again.
Kate: OK, thank you doctor for you time.
Doctor Jones: You’re welcome.
Here is your prescription.
Doctor: What seems to be the problem?
anvi: Well, I have a bad cough and a sore throat.
I also have a headache.
Doctor: How long have you had these symptoms?
anvi: About three days now. And I’m really tired, too.
Doctor: Hmm. It sounds like you’ve got the flu. 
Take aspirin every four hours and get plenty of rest.
Make sure you drink lots of fluids. 
Call me if you’re still sick next week.
Hello Doctor.
Hello, how can i help you?
Actually doctor, since last two days 
i'm having a stomach pain 
Ok, tell me where exactly the pain is?
Its somewhat near lower abdomen.
Is it a severe pain or just a light pain?
Can't say. I mean sometimes its 
severe and sometimes mild.
Ok. What have you eaten two days before?
I went to a marriage and there we had dinner.
Do you feel like eating anything?
No doctor.
Its minor stomach infection.
I'm giving you medicine's for 5days 
you will feel better.
Thank You Doctor.
Hi Pooja. How are you feeling today?
A bit better.
Doctor: That's good to hear. 
Are you still feeling nauseous?
No, I haven't felt sick to my stomach 
since you switched my medication.
Doctor: Great. Say, your test results came in this morning
A person with good health and fitness becomes able to live his/her 
life to its fullest extent. 
It is very important for a person in life to be 
physically and mentally fit to live a healthy and happy life. 
Healthy and fit people become less prone to the medical conditions. 
Fitness does not mean to be physically fit only, 
it also means with healthy mental state of the person. 
One can get healthy mental state if he/she 
becomes physically fit. The simple way to remain 
healthy and fit is having stress free mind with regular 
exercise and balanced diet. People who maintain 
their ideal weight become less prone to the cardiac 
and other health problems. People who are physically 
active can easily maintain a relaxed state of mind. 
Healthy and fit people can easily face all the ups and 
downs of their life and less affected by any drastic change.
Epidemiologic factors 
Health knowledge 
Attitudes Practice 
Internationality 
Public health 
Role Professional 
Social medicine
Health is a very important aspect in the life of everyone. 
Nothing is more important than health and 
fitness for any human being. Healthy and 
fit people really enjoy their life very happily 
and peacefully. An unhealthy person cannot enjoy 
life in full extent. He/she cannot enjoy eating, 
watching sports, or other luxury of the life. 
It is truly said by our elders that health is wealth. 
In order to maintain good health we need to properly 
take care of the hygiene and sanitation all around us. 
We have to eat healthy and complete food in timely manner.
We should eat green and fresh vegetables, 
milk, fresh fruits, egg, etc. 
Our body need sufficient amount of proteins, 
minerals and vitamins on daily basis to be fit 
and healthy. Together with the healthy food and 
physical activities we need to maintain cleanliness 
in our home and surrounding areas including our personal 
cleanliness. The maintenance of physical and 
mental fitness is very important for a person 
needed to be successful and do best to the society. 
It is truly said by the Buddha about health and 
fitness that, “To keep the body in good health is 
a duty, otherwise we shall not be able 
to keep our mind strong and clear”.
Decreases the risk of diseases (high blood pressure, 
diabetes, coronary heart 
heart diseases, colon cancer, 
osteoporosis, obesity, stroke, 
breast cancer, etc).
Make them feel better both, physically and mentally.
Improves their confidence level.
Heals injuries soon.
Helps to live longer by adding years to the life.
Reduces stress and improves quality of life.
Reduces anxiety level, stress, and feelings of depression
eat fresh cooked food instead of stale food in order 
to remain away from the digestive disorders.
Psychological health is very necessary 
with the physical health of a person in 
order to be healthy and fit
Have been bitten by an animal
Are having trouble breathing
Have been coughing for more than a week
Have severe headache with fever
Experience a rash or swelling
Have unexplained or prolonged fever
Have sudden vision problems
Bacteria. These one-cell organisms are responsible for 
illnesses such as strep throat, urinary tract infections and tuberculosis.
Viruses. Even smaller than bacteria, viruses cause a 
multitude of diseases — ranging from the common cold to AIDS.
Fungi. Many skin diseases, such as ringworm and athlete's foot, 
are caused by fungi. Other types of fungi can infect your lungs or nervous system.
Parasites. Malaria is caused by a tiny parasite that is transmitted by a mosquito bite. 
Other parasites may be transmitted to humans from animal feces.
Human papillomavirus is linked to cervical cancer
Helicobacter pylori is linked to stomach cancer and peptic ulcers
Hepatitis B and C have been linked to liver cancer
Allergy symptoms Anemia symptoms
Anxiety symptoms Appendicitis symptoms
Bladder infection symptoms Blood clot symptoms
Brain tumor symptoms Breast cancer symptoms
Cancer symptoms Cervical cancer symptoms
Cold symptoms Colon cancer symptoms
Dengue symptoms Depression symptoms
Diabetes symptoms Early pregnancy symptoms
Flu (influenza) symptoms Heart attack symptoms
Hernia symptoms Herpes symptoms
High blood pressure symptoms
HIV symptoms Hyperthermia symptoms
Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) symptoms
Kidney stone symptoms Leukemia symptoms
Lung cancer symptoms Lupus symptoms
Lyme disease symptoms Menopause symptoms
Mono symptoms MS symptoms
Ovarian cancer symptoms Pancreatic cancer symptoms
Pneumonia symptoms Pregnancy symptoms
Prostate cancer symptoms Sinus infection symptoms
STD symptoms (men) STD symptoms (women)
Strep throat symptoms Stress symptoms
Stroke symptoms Swine flu (H1N1 flu) symptoms
Ulcer symptoms UTI symptoms
Yeast infection symptoms
A common way for infectious diseases to spread is through the direct transfer of bacteria, 
viruses or other germs from one person to another. 
This can occur when an individual with the bacterium or virus touches,
or coughs or sneezes on someone who isn't infected.
These germs can also spread through the exchange of body fluids from sexual contact. 
The person who passes the germ may have no symptoms of the disease, but may simply be a carrier.
Animal to person. Being bitten or scratched by an infected animal — even a 
pet — can make you sick and, in extreme circumstances, can be fatal. 
Handling animal waste can be hazardous, too. 
you can acquire a toxoplasmosis infection by scooping your cat's litter box.
Mother to unborn child. A pregnant woman may pass germs that cause 
infectious diseases to her unborn baby. Some germs can pass through the placenta. 
Germs in the vagina can be transmitted to the baby during birth.