border defence troops
The rights and the interests of honest, hard-working people will be fully protected. 
Let me assure you that notes of 100, 50, 20, 10, five, two  and one rupee and all coins 
The evil of corruption has been spread by certai
n sections of  for their selfish. 
They have ignored the poor and cornered benefits. 
Some people have misused their seats for
The love for the country and that zeal to undergo 
any kind of hardships for the country is called patriotism.
Patriotism teaches us to love our country 
and embrace the whole humanity.
It enlightens people about their 
predominant duties towards the nation. 
Feeling of patriotism is the actual spirit 
that seeks happiness through supreme sacrifice for the country
country and enables us to step forward for 
doing our bit for our country. 
Here we are providing you four
to help you attempt this topic at any event or occasion. 
So, make the best use of these and come out with flying colours in yours
Today is the day when we had received our Independence from the British 
our nation became the Independent country in 1947. 
Like every year, we have gathered here to celebrate the Independence Day and 
pay tribute to all those great people who have sacrificed 
still sacrificing their lives for guarding and securing the Independence.
Patriotism is one of the best qualities one can have. 
It is a pious feeling of the mind. 
Thankfully, we live in the Independent country unlike our great freedom fighters, 
Freedom had to win it after a lot of struggle and sacrifice.
Now, we really don’t have to struggle every day to survive as much as they did.
So, remembering all those great people who have fought for our Independence, 
we are filled with feelings patriotism. 
Great people like Mahatma Gandhi, Shahid Bhagat Singh, 
Rajguru and Sukhdev, Subhash Chandra Bose, 
Lala Lajpat Rai, Sardar Vallabh 
Bhai Patel and many more saints struggled hard till their last breath, 
only for the reason that they wanted to see their countrymen live a life in harmony. 
It is only because of their noble cause that the world still remembers them. However, 
there are several anti-social elements in our society, 
who try to spoil the image of our country.
Patriotism can be fulfilled through various other means. 
Not necessarily, everyone needs to be a freedom fighter or 
should be serving the Army, Navy or the Air Force.
You can exhibit your love towards the nation 
by being a part of Clean India popularly known as 
‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan’
or you can help poor, 
old or needy people, save water, save environment, etc.
You may join non-government-organisations (NGOs) and help the needy people. 
In winters by distributing blankets or in summers by distributing water, 
you may display your love towards the mankind and 
thus show your true heroism and patriotism. 
Patriotism does not only mean to struggle for the freedom of one’s country, 
it also includes the honest feeling and true love for the country 
countrymen which can be displayed through passionate work for the country’s development.
There is one thing in common in all of them that kept them united till their last 
breath during the freedom struggle was patriotism and sheer love for their motherland. 
They firmly believed in the chant called “Mera Bharat Mahan”. 
So now, if I were to ask you what Patriotism is, 
then how many of you are willing to answer? May be all! 
Apparently, it may sound like an easy question for you, 
but trust me it has various ramifications.
Patriotism has no room for hatred or ill-feeling. 
When it’s patriotism that inspired our freedom fighters to sacrifice their lives for the love 
of their country and its people, then we can at least spread 
the message of love and peace everywhere across the globe. 
yet another way to show love for our country is by working towards its growth 
development and taking effective measures to eradicate poverty, 
illiteracy, child labour, violence against women and other social evils 
from our society and making our country a better place to live in.
Patriots go beyond limits of their character and 
morals to work for the betterment of their country. 
A few major patriots that have made great sacrifices
 for India are Mahatma Gandhi, Bhagat Singh, 
Shivaji, Rana Pratap, Rani Lakshmi Bai,  Sardar Patel, Subhash Chandra Bose, 
Lala Lajpat Rai, Maulana Azad,  and many more.
These people have given their lives for the country and have always 
kept their country ahead themselves. 
These patriots are remembered with intense feelings 
and will always serve as examples for the generations to come.
I would like to motivate you all to please never let 
the spirit of patriotism diminish, 
it is one of the most crucial elements for a nation
nation’s development and prosperity.
Share the message of how patriotic people 
have helped us take forward our country and 
how we all owe this as our responsibility.
Terming India as a "true friend", US President Donald Trump today said that 
the relationship between the two countries has never been stronger and better.
Trump in a joint press statement with Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that 
he looks forward to working towards creating jobs in both the countries 
and a trading relationship that is "fair and reciprocal". 
My dear fellow citizens,
ramparts of the Red Fort on the auspicious occasion of Independence Day. 
Nation is celebrating the Independence Day with the festival of Janamashtmi today .
I can see a number of Bal Kanahiyas here. 
We are fortunate to have in our cultural and historical heritage 
from a Sudarshan Chakradhari Mohan to Charkhadhari Mohan.
My dear countrymen, 
this year is a special year for independent India. 
We commemorated 75 years of Quit India Movement last week. 
This year we are also commemorating the centenary of Champara
The centenary of Lokmanya Tilak’s call “Swaraj is my birth ri
ght” falls this year as well.
The year marks the 125th Anniversary of the Ganesh Utsav which led to 
the rise of community awakening through the celebrations.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a surprise TV announcement in New Delhi 
honest people have fought against this evil.
of common men and women have lived lives of integrity.
We hear about poor auto-rickshaw drivers returning ornaments
left in the vehicles to their rightful owners. 
We hear about taxi drivers who take pains to
 locate the owners of cell phones left behind. 
We hear of vegetable vendors who return excess money given by customers.
The findings indicate that 26 
posts were created without approval of the Union ministry
India’s Constitution can be seen as a prescient model
of political pluralism. Several decades before multiculturalism
emerged in Western democracies, our Constitution
instituted group rights for dalits, adivasis and minorities
within a broadly liberal democratic framework.
The Indian Constitution recognises multiple groups
defined by religion, language, caste and tribe. It also offers
different approaches to the accommodation of the same
group (for example, Scheduled Tribes have reservations
as a disadvantaged group, as well as self-government rights
for cultural protection). Group rights in the Indian
Constitution include self government
rights for linguistic and tribal groups, legal
pluralism in personal law for some
religious groups (Hindus, Muslims, Christians,
Parsis), as well as reservations in
legislatures, government jobs and educational
institutions for dalits and tribal groups
Its meaning: A person who strongly supports and is 
ready to defend his country is a patriot. 
The feelings and the qualities of a patriot 
are known as patriotism. Every country in the 
world has produced such persons. A patriot is 
loved and honoured by all we all are indebted to our mother-land. 
We are born here and we grow up on this soil.
Patriotism does not mean only to fight for the 
liberation of one’s own country from the burden of 
foreign rule. It includes true love and honest 
feeling for fellow men and passionate 
work for country’s progress.
A true patriot: A true patriot is he who can 
give away his life and all for his country. 
The future of the country depends on its rulers. 
If the rulers are true patriot, they think of the interests 
of the country and the people. They go on doing something 
for the good of the nation. A patriot keeps the nation’s 
interest above his own. He tries to lead 
the people to the right way of living. 
He is kind, loving, truthful and honest
A true patriot lives and dies for his motherland. 
He is loved and respected in life and also after his death. 
Such a patriot is immortal. Among such men are Mahatma Gandhi, 
Rajendra Prasad, Jawaharlal Nehru, Subhash Chandra Bose and 
others in the modern age. Among the ancients were Maharana 
A patriot is bold and fearless in the face of even death
Cowards die many times before their deaths
The valiant never taste of death but once
Patriotism is an inherited spontaneous feeling. 
It is the spark that lightens up the country’s spirit. 
A patriotic person always gets respect from other countrymen 
and never ending love, support and affection. 
This is not only because of their sacrifices but 
also for the love, care, 
dedication and affection they shower on the nation.
We, the citizens of India have been lucky to feel the 
proud heritage of the noblest patriots, who sacrificed 
all their belongings and even gave up their lives, 
for the cause of their motherland.
Patriotism means we should have immense love and 
affection for our own country but it does not mean 
that we have any hatred for any other country. 
People should be capable of supporting their nation 
but not have ill feelings for other countries. 
One should not look down upon other countries. 
Every country has many patriots who sacrifice 
their self and put their country above everything. 
All great nations which built their name in history are proud 
to witness the services of their patriots
Patriotism involves citizens displaying 
devotion to their country, 
including devotion to the fundamental values 
and principles upon which it depends 
and includes loyalty to 
the values and principals 
of democracy found in such as
the Pledge of Allegiance 
and Bill of Rights (Newby).
Individual Rights are fundamental to 
American constitutional democracy 
and refer to the belief that individuals 
have certain basic rights that are not created 
by government but which government should protect. 
These rights include right to life, 
liberty, economic freedom, 
and the pursuit of happiness.  
It is the purpose of government to protect these rights, 
and it may not place unfair or unreasonable 
restraints on their exercise. 
Many of these rights are enumerated in 
the Bill of Rights
Common Good or public good requires that 
individual citizens have the 
commitment and motivation—that 
they accept their obligation—to promote 
the welfare of the community 
and to work together with other 
members for the greater benefit of all